Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU) Global Leading UniversitySungkyunkwan University (SKKU) is a world-class institution of higher education that has existed for more than six centuries.  Since its founding as a royal Confucian academy in 1398 at the dawn of the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910), SKKU has demonstrated strong academic leadership.  Contemporary SKKU has embraced globalization and emerged as a leading university in Asia and the world.  In fact, SKKU actively encourages international collaboration through exchange of faculty and students, and the development of cutting-edge research and educational programs with its global partners. The name “Sungkyunkwan” is synonymous with both tradition and innovation.  The literal meaning of the university’s name is, “An institution for building a harmonious society of enlightened human beings.”  The founding philosophy of Sungkyunkwan was needed in the past just as much as it is needed in today’s technologically advanced society.  The university’s full-time faculty of more than 1,400 is committed to quality teaching and research; offering students a challenging environment for intellectual and personal growth. As the oldest university in East Asia and Korea’s top higher educational institution for centuries, Sungkyunkwan generated countless graduates that shaped the nation’s history and culture.  SKKU's motto, “Su-Gi-Chi-In”, which means “Benevolence, Righteousness, Propriety, Wisdom”, teaches that the university’s students should strive to improve themselves and contribute to society.  This ideology is the fundamental principle by which the university has fostered so many influential leaders, thus contributing to the development of Korean society.  SKKU aims to educate future global leaders equipped with these essential values so that it will further contribute to the advancement of all of humanity.  Sungkyunkwan University continuously integrates its founding philosophy with modern technology in order to cultivate talented individuals capable of leading society into a brighter future.